[Back](README.md)

## Secure Backend

<hr>


### 1. What is Spring Security

> Spring Security (https://spring.io/projects/spring-security) provides security services for Java-based web applications.

By default, Spring Security enables the following features:
    

- AuthenticationManager bean(an in-memory single user)
    > The username is user and the password is printed to the console output

- Ignored paths for common static resource locations
    > eg: /css and /images

- HTTP basic authentication for all other endpoints
    > A default autogenerated login page

- Security events published to Spring’s ApplicationEventPublisher interface

- Common low-level features turned on by default
    > HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), cross-site scripting (XSS), and cross-site request forgery (CSRF)

&nbsp;

### 2. Add Spring Security

2-1) add dependencies in build.gradle

```groovy
dependencies {
	...
	implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-starter-security'
	...
	testImplementation 'org.springframework.security:spring-security-test'
}
```

<hr>

2-2) start your application

You can see from the console that Spring Security has created an in-memory user with a username of user. The user’s password can be seen in the console output.

<hr>

2-3) Check


Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:8080/api. You will be redirected to the Spring Security default login page(with username and password).

Type user into the Username field and copy the generated password from the console to the Password field. With authentication, we can see that the response contains our API resources.

&nbsp;

### 3. Customize Spring Security

To configure how Spring Security behaves, we have to add a new configuration class for Spring Security. You can also define the authentication mechanism, the login 
process, session management, and so on.

3-1) Create a new class called SecurityConfig in your application root package

